chore: retarget in-repo branch references from v3.1-dev to v4.0-dev (#3972)
dashevo/platform: book/src/drive/count-index-group-by-examples.md

## Queries in this Chapter

> All proof-size and behaviour numbers below come from the same bench helper (`report_group_by_matrix`) as chapter 29's. The dispatcher's group_by surface validation lives in [`validate_count_query_groupby_against_index`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/validate.rs); the per-mode path-query builders sit in [`packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs)'s `group_by_*` family.

Reviewer: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=61aecfdf005c dedupe=285e672770aaca47 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: Retargeted group_by validation link points to a missing file**

This hunk changes the source permalink to `blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/validate.rs`, but `packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/validate.rs` does not exist at `94fac3cb02786e333ff0f9c65de2c479971c8fd0`, and `validate_count_query_groupby_against_index` is not present under `drive_document_count_query`. Since this PR is specifically retargeting live branch references and states that the new links resolve, this leaves a broken documentation link in scope for the PR. The current routing/validation entry point is `DriveDocumentCountQuery::detect_mode` in `mode_detection.rs`, with the path-query builders in `path_query.rs`, so the link text and target should be updated rather than only changing the branch name.

```suggestion
All proof-size and behaviour numbers below come from the same bench helper (`report_group_by_matrix`) as chapter 29's. The dispatcher's group_by surface validation lives in [`DriveDocumentCountQuery::detect_mode`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/mode_detection.rs); the per-mode path-query builders sit in [`packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs)'s `group_by_*` family.
```

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

> All proof-size and behaviour numbers below come from the same bench helper (`report_group_by_matrix`) as chapter 29's. The dispatcher's group_by surface validation lives in [`validate_count_query_groupby_against_index`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/validate.rs); the per-mode path-query builders sit in [`packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs)'s `group_by_*` family.

Reviewer 2: 🟡 The `group_by_*` path-query builder family named on this line doesn't exist on v4.0-dev. `path_query.rs` defines no `group_by_*`-prefixed functions — the GroupBy `CountMode`s dispatch to `distinct_count_path_query` / `carrier_aggregate_count_path_query` (the only `group_by` occurrence in the file is inside an error-message string). The same naming recurs in prose around line 1741.

Note: the adjacent suggestion correctly repoints the `validate.rs` link to `mode_detection.rs`, but it retains the `group_by_*` family name — both are worth fixing together.

Recommendation: replace the `group_by_*` family with the real builder names (`distinct_count_path_query`, `carrier_aggregate_count_path_query`).

<sub>🤖 Co-authored by [Claudius the Magnificent](https://github.com/lklimek/claudius) AI Agent</sub>

Reviewer: Good catch. I agree: my earlier replacement should not keep the nonexistent `group_by_*` family wording. The target should name the actual builders in `path_query.rs`, especially `distinct_count_path_query` and `carrier_aggregate_count_path_query`, alongside the `mode_detection.rs` dispatcher link.

Two pieces of infrastructure made this possible:

> - `query_g1_*` … `query_g6_*` criterion `bench_function` calls in [`document_count_worst_case.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/benches/document_count_worst_case.rs) — produce the **Avg time** column in [Queries in this Chapter](#queries-in-this-chapter).

Reviewer 2: 🟡 The link text credits `query_g1_* … query_g6_*` bench functions, but `document_count_worst_case.rs` on v4.0-dev has no `query_g6` — the group-by bench series is g1/g1a/g1b, g2, g3, g4, g5, g7, g8/g8a (it skips 6; the upper bound is g8). Minor symbol-range inaccuracy; the file link itself resolves.

Recommendation: adjust the range to the actual functions (g1..g8, noting g6 is unused).

<sub>🤖 Co-authored by [Claudius the Magnificent](https://github.com/lklimek/claudius) AI Agent</sub>
